Yes, you still have to point out my secret,
But today my secret is gone,
The next one will only be one of you,
One by one, let me see how long you can hide.
If we don't stand up for a day, China will only marry Yuan and his wife.
Whatever you want, whenever you want!
Miss, if I say I can save you,
You are lucky, have you said enough?
Only those who think deeply will live longer before death.
Then stop talking nonsense and come on,
You're not qualified yet, so you don't dare.
You really don't look like Die Chengquan.
if you accept
all the people here
Thank you for your service to our Dongba
What do you mean to represent our Zhan family?
we disagree
You are no match for him
Don’t like it for giving us future summer products
your strength
Not his opponent
Hurry up and give birth to a baby in the summer
All he has is the fortune of soft news
If you say
We can all be punished
It's this waste
Can we catch the waste and replace it later?
The Chinese people I protect
He is a passionate and responsible person
Instead of looking at a woman and saying bullying
Can't think clearly, can stand aside and watch
Stop trying to overthink things
We just don’t invade your ten years
because of who you are
Do you feel like a hero?
See it now
You're just a clown